June,    WEDNESDAY, 8.    1864.
Military Prison Andersonville Ga. This morning,
gloomy and foggy. My individual condition
is bad enough but not to be compared to
the condition of many men in this camp.
I have got the Diarhrea checked, and to day
I feel tolerably well. the day is intensely hot,
I spend part of the time studying Algebra,
a few more Prisoners are brought in. no news.
THURSDAY, 9.
Still in this Hell-upon-earth of a Prison.
our condition is daily growing more disagreeable
as the weather grows warmer, three out
of four of my mess. are sick and I would be sick
too, but it wont do. Reader, I will here give a
list of some of the ruling prices of this place, rice
per bw. $64.00 U.S. currency; wheat flour $64.00 per bw..
salt $128.00. eggs, $4.00 per doz: Molasses $12.00 per gall.
P.M. rain
FRIDAY, 10.
Military Prison Andersonville Georgia,
"Whenever I take my walk abroad; 
How many poor I see;
"What shall I render to my God, 
For all his gifts to me:
Not more than others I deserve,
Yet God has given me more."
For I have health while others Lie, 
And pine away and die
[*No changes to day.*]

June,   SATURDAY, 11.    1864
There is nothing new to record to day. The 
same dull monotony of Prison life has to 
be enacted over again. There is a world of 
suffering in this camp. Soldiers naked 
without protection from the almost vertical
rays of the sun: unwholesome food and no medicines,
our condition could hardly be worse. 
Write a letter to My Wife to day.
SUNDAY, 12.
To day is the holy sabbath: but there is 
no Sabbath here; O Liberty; Law and Order
thou canst not be appreciated till thou
art once lost. There are 20000 men cooped up
in about 12 acres of space, surrounded by a 
high stockade, mounted by sentinels and commanded
by Artillery; the Heavens of brass overhead, and no sign
of vegetation far or near; God hasten Deliverance
MONDAY, 13.
This morning most disagreeable; cold rain
every day in the so called Confederacy but
makes our condition worse; lying on the 
wet ground in our wet clothes; and one half the 
men already sick. and you can scarcely imagine
a worse case; the rations issued to 
the inmates of this Prison consists of a ve[ry]
limited portion of boiled rice and a little meat
the day continues cold wet and disagreeable, 
feel considerably ill, but its no use to compl[ain]