August. FRIDAY, 19.  1864
What we sometimes regard as a misfortune
& fret over as such; sometimes turns out to be
for our greatest good. Had I got a furlough last
fall when it was promised me I might have
been captured without having a cent of money
as it was I had almost $100.00 & next to a
Merciful Providence I believe I owe my life
to this single interposition. "Without money; Without
Friends," in this awful place.

SATURDAY, 20.
There is nothing new in the status of affairs
in this miserable Prison, the rations which
we have to subsist upon are barely sufficient
to keep soul & body together; indeed a man in
perfect health could not subsist upon them.
Spent most of this day washing & working
with I. Foster. he is now as helpless as a child,
it is a heavy charge; Eve rain; A few Pris. arrive

SUNDAY, 21.
This is, or rather ought to be sunday; for
there is no Sunday here; the day is disagreeable
& rainy; The suffering of many
of the Poor victims is indescribable John
Foster still lingers, but little but life remains
of him, he is as helpless as a child,
I have tried to do all for him that I could,
Our rations consists of "Corn chinck" alone and
very limited at that, paid $1.00 for a medium
[?] rails for wood to cook with.

August, MONDAY, 22. 1864.
Another day is numbered with the past;
I am glad that it is so; for although it brings
us one day nearer to our Eternal home; it
also brings one day nearer to deliverance from
this horrible prison; that is should deliverance
ever come; and to very many it can
only come in death; There are no changes
to day; the weather is intensely hot.

TUESDAY, 23.
This day is intensely hot; and the suffering
of the unfortunate sick is terrible in the
extreme; There is no changes in the state
of affairs in this miserable Prison; A few
more Prisoners have been brought in,
their reports are favourable, but hope is
long deferred; makes the heart sick,
and I am about as sick of this place as
a man can be

WEDNESDAY, 24.
I hardly know what to write for to day,
the prospect still looks gloomy; but, I
suppose we may as well hope on, and
quietly 'bide our time. This day is the
beginning of the last month of my 3 yrs
enlistment. To day G. W. S; O. S, Co. B. 103
P.V. was taken out to be sent off. I know
not where; perhaps for exchange. This
day has been most intolerably hot.